What makes you nervous?
What are you best at?
When’s the last time you laughed so hard you couldn’t breathe?
What do you look for in a best friend and why?
How do you define happiness for yourself?
What’s your biggest fear in love?
What’s one thing you wish you could have invented?
What’s one thing you’d like to accomplish in your life?
What is your greatest fear?
What do you wish you knew more about?
I hate small talk, let’s cut to the chase. What is one of your pet peeves?
What are you most passionate about?
What does happiness mean to you?
What is the most beautiful view you’ve seen?
What are you most grateful for?
More Text Conversation Starters
What’s your favorite season, and why?
Who is your role model and why?
What do you bring with you everywhere and anywhere you go?
What’s your favorite podcast?
What song do you play most often?
What is your favorite thing about the ocean?
What is your favorite song?
What is your favorite restaurant?
What was your favorite place to visit when you were little?
Send me your favorite meme!
Of all the social media platforms, which is your favorite? Try to decide between Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
What is your favorite memory as a kid?
What is your favorite movie?
What is one question you would like to ask someone famous?
What was the last song you listened to?
What thing do you really wish you could buy right now?
When was the last time you danced like no one was watching?
Where is the your favorite place you have traveled?
What is your dream job?
Who’s your favorite character from a TV show, book, or movie?
What’s the best meal that you’ve ever had?
If you opened a business, what type of business would you like to start?
What’s the best road trip you’ve been on?
What are people often surprised to learn about you?
How many other countries have you visited?
What’s your favorite holiday?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve done?
What job would you be terrible at?
What kind of art do you enjoy the most?
What trend do you hope comes back in style?
What fictional place would you most like to visit?
What pets did you have while you were growing up?
What are you interested in that most people probably haven’t heard of?
If you didn’t need sleep, what would you do with all of the extra time?
In your opinion, what makes a good life?
What irrational fear do you have?
Where’s your favorite place to nap?
What are you overly competitive about?
What would be your spirit animal?
What are three of your favorite smells?
What do you like most about your family?
What is the most immature thing that you do?
What do you spend the most time thinking about?
In your opinion, what is the best thing and the worst thing about getting older?
In your friend group, what role do you play?
Who is the most inspiring woman in your life?
What’s the title of the current chapter of your life?
What gives your life meaning?
What is your favorite sport to watch?
What food do you love that a lot of people might find odd?
What scene in a movie always gives you chills every time you watch it?
What are some of your guilty pleasures?
What do you wish someone taught you a long time ago?
What does your perfect breakfast look like?
In your opinion, when is the most interesting period in history?
What is the best pair of shoes that you have owned?
What is the best concert you’ve attended?
What’s the weirdest way you have met someone who is now one of your close friends?
What was the scariest movie that you’ve seen?
Where are five places you really want to visit in your life?
What weird quirks did you pick up from your parents?
What makes you feel old when you think about it?